docs: tw820 (#3324)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/run-arbitrum-node/nitro-support-policy.mdx

description: Learn the details of the support policy for Nitro.
reader-audience: Moderately-technical readers who are familiar or learning about running a Nitro node.
reader-task: Learn about the short/long term support policy for Nitro.
content_type: reference
---

## Nitro support

This policy defines which versions of Nitro the Offchain team actively supports—and what "support" actually means. It exists so node operators, chain operators, and integrators know what to run, when to upgrade, and what kind of help to expect when they don't upgrade.

### Currently supported Nitro versions

| Currently supported                                                        | Supported until                            | Supported deployment |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | -------------------- |
| [Nitro 3.10.x](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/releases/tag/v3.10.0) | 30 calendar days after 3.11.x is released. | Docker               |
| [Nitro 3.9.9](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/releases/tag/v3.9.9)   | June 11, 2026                              | Docker               |

> ### Special note about ArbOS & Arbitrum Classic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Special note about ArbOS and Arbitrum Classic
```

> - **Only the ArbOS release that is activated on mainnet Arbitrum One** will receive security updates and urgent vulnerability patches. We strongly recommend that you stay up to date with the latest ArbOS, as only the latest version receives security updates. The activation timestamps for ArbOS upgrades on Arbitrum One are available **[here](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/network-upgrades),** with the most recent entry corresponding to the ArbOS version currently in use on Arbitrum One.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Only the ArbOS release that is activated on mainnet Arbitrum One** will receive security updates and urgent vulnerability patches. We strongly recommend that you stay up to date with the latest ArbOS, as only the latest version receives security updates. The activation timestamps for ArbOS upgrades on Arbitrum One are available on the **[Arbitrum Foundation network upgrades page](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/network-upgrades),** with the most recent entry corresponding to the ArbOS version currently in use on Arbitrum One.
```

> - **Only the ArbOS release that is activated on mainnet Arbitrum One** will receive security updates and urgent vulnerability patches. We strongly recommend that you stay up to date with the latest ArbOS, as only the latest version receives security updates. The activation timestamps for ArbOS upgrades on Arbitrum One are available [here](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/releases/tag/v3.10.0), with the most recent entry corresponding to the ArbOS version currently in use on Arbitrum One.

Reviewer 2: Is the link right? I just see the release notes for v3.10.0.
It doesn't look like activation timestamps at all.

> - **Only the ArbOS release that is activated on mainnet Arbitrum One** will receive security updates and urgent vulnerability patches. We strongly recommend that you stay up to date with the latest ArbOS, as only the latest version receives security updates. The activation timestamps for ArbOS upgrades on Arbitrum One are available [here](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/releases/tag/v3.10.0), with the most recent entry corresponding to the ArbOS version currently in use on Arbitrum One.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Only the ArbOS release that is activated on mainnet Arbitrum One** will receive security updates and urgent vulnerability patches. We strongly recommend that you stay up to date with the latest ArbOS, as only the latest version receives security updates. The activation timestamps for ArbOS upgrades on Arbitrum One are available **[here](https://docs.arbitrum.foundation/network-upgrades),** with the most recent entry corresponding to the ArbOS version currently in use on Arbitrum One.
```

>   - Alternatively, you may verify the ArbOS version on Arbitrum One using the `arbOSVersion()` method on the `ArbSys` percompile at `0x000....64`. The result will be offset by 55 as the first version of Nitro is known as version 56 (e.g., a response of 106 indicates that the ArbOS version is 51).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Alternatively, you can verify the ArbOS version on Arbitrum One using the `arbOSVersion()` method on the `ArbSys` precompile at `0x000....64`. The result will be offset by 55 as the first version of Nitro is known as version 56 (for example, a response of 106 indicates that the ArbOS version is 51).
```

- Arbitrum Classic will also continue to be supported.

### Our support windows, explained

We will always support the current minor release of Nitro. The previous minor release will be supported for 30 calendar days after a newer minor release becomes available. In other words, support for a Nitro minor release stops once a minor release of the Nitro node software is made available for 30 calendar days.

This means that we will effectively support at most 2 minor releases for a maximum of 30 calendar days.

:::caution

In exceptional cases, such as for stability or security fixes, we may cut a new minor Nitro release within 30 days of a previous minor release and immediately drop support for that release. When this happens, we may ask teams to upgrade sooner to the new release for security and stability reasons.

:::

Below is an illustrative example of how these windows overlap over the course of a year, along with several placeholder versions. Note that this is an example.

> <ImageZoom src="/img/nitro-support-policy.png" className="img-600px" alt="Transaction lifecycle">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ImageZoom src="/img/nitro-support-policy.png" className="img-600px" alt="Nitro support windows">
```

  Nitro support windows
</ImageZoom>

> The current supported versions can be found on the [Nitro Start here](/run-arbitrum-node/start-here.mdx#recommended-nitro-version) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently supported versions can be found on the [Nitro start here](/run-arbitrum-node/start-here.mdx#recommended-nitro-version) page.
```

If you are running an unsupported Nitro version:

- We may decline to investigate issues and will recommend upgrading first before investigating
- We will not back-port non-critical fixes or features
- You assume responsibility for any operational, consensus, or security risk

You are free to run any version of our software. This policy describes where we will spend our time, not what we will permit.

### Carve-out: ArbOS upgrades on older Nitro versions

If we determine an ArbOS upgrade is required—including for security—we do **not** commit to porting those ArbOS changes back to any version. Operators on unsupported Nitro must first upgrade Nitro to receive the ArbOS change. This is intentional: backporting state-transition logic into stale node code is high-risk, and a guarantee here would dilute the upgrade pressure that keeps the network on supportable client versions.

### Security fixes

Security fixes are handled inside the supported window:

1. Private disclosure to chain operators when actionable
2. Coordinated release across all in-window versions (current minor + still-in-window prior minor)
3. Public disclosure after operators have had time to upgrade

> A client version exception (CVE) does not retroactively extend support for older versions. If you are out of support when a fix lands, the path forward is to upgrade.

Reviewer 2: Do we really need "(CVE)" here? Is this a term we use often enough to need an acronym?

Author: I agree 👍

> A client version exception (CVE) does not retroactively extend support for older versions. If you are out of support when a fix lands, the path forward is to upgrade.

Author: ```suggestion
A client version exception does not retroactively extend support for older versions. If you are out of support when a fix lands, the path forward is to upgrade.
```

## Out of scope

This policy covers the upstream release of Nitro by Offchain.

It does not cover:

- Forks or custom builds maintained by third parties
- Builds compiled from non-release commits
- Configurations or patches not present in the upstream release

> We will help where we can, but we cannot commit to a support level on builds outside the upstream releases.

Author: ```suggestion
We will help where we can, but we cannot commit to a support level on builds other than official releases.
```

> We will help where we can, but we cannot commit to a support level on builds outside the upstream releases.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be clearer to say, "... support level on builds other than official releases."
I, personally, think that "upstream" is sometimes misunderstood in our industry.

## Staying up to date

- Subscribe to the [Nitro GitHub repository](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro) for GitHub notifications on new releases.

> - Follow our [X handle](https://x.com/ArbitrumDevs) for all things geared towards Developers building with/on Arbitrum!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow our [X handle](https://x.com/ArbitrumDevs) for all things geared towards developers building with and on Arbitrum.
```
